 Yashveer Mummidi - Dev Diary #1 

Hi, my name is Yashveer and I've been at Code Ninjas for 2 years since September, 2020. I am currently 14 years old and in 10th grade. My 3 favorite things about being a ninja are the code senseis who are ready to help me whenever I needed help, the coding projects as each project is unique and fun to make, and lastly, the fact that I am able to learn game developing everyday is one of my favorite things about this place. For my black belt game, I have not decided the name yet, as it is a problem for future me. However, as for a brief description of the game itself, I am hoping to make a loosely-based game based off of Lethal Company. It will follow the main gameplay of having to find objects and sell them to meet the quota the boss demands. However, there will be many obstacles such as monsters and traps in your way. Furthermore, as you meet the quota each time, the next quota becomes even bigger and even harder to achieve. But, I will also innovate off of the Lethal Company game as I want to make it a sort of escape room game where in the main structure, you may find keys which can open locked doors, but, the locked rooms can give you expensive objects to help meet your quota or it could open up to a lot of monsters and your inevitable demise. Despite all this, you can also choose to take the keys itself to the boss as they are objects as well that can offer a substantial amount of cash which will then again help meet the quota. The goal of the game is to just survive as long as you can and use profits earned to upgrade your chance of survival. While creating this game, I am expecting to face challenges regarding getting or creating models that I feel would be suitable for my game and look visually appealing enough. Another issue I predict I will face is the actual coding part of it all, as it can be quite daunting to try to make a whole new game by myself without instructions. I can overcome the issue of not having instructions by finding tutorials and help online as well as from the code sensei helping me. 